capital = 107

oob = "SER_1926"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
}

recruit_character = SER_acd2
recruit_character = SER_communist_guy
recruit_character = SER_acr
recruit_character = SER_fascist_guy
recruit_character = SER_aa2
recruit_character = SER_democratic_guy
recruit_character = SER_ncm
recruit_character = SER_nt
recruit_character = SER_awt
recruit_character = SER_ar
recruit_character = SER_stc
recruit_character = SER_ai2
recruit_character = SER_aco2
recruit_character = SER_ncs
recruit_character = SER_coi
recruit_character = SER_acgs
recruit_character = SER_acas
recruit_character = SER_pot
recruit_character = SER_nccr
recruit_character = SER_mt

set_convoys = 0

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1926.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 0
    syndicalist = 4
    radical_socialist = 11
    social_democrat = 0
    social_liberal = 0
    market_liberal = 0
    social_conservative = 10
    authoritarian_democrat = 55
    paternal_autocrat = 15
    fascism = 5
}

